my name is nicko Eliot I'm the managing
director of 57 below and we're sitting
in Gekko
what makes Gekko unique is really in
heritage a beautiful building built by
us affairs in early 1900s and we've
tried to retain all its heritage
features such as the floor from
Manchester and the steel beams from Lana
sure in Scotland gecko was originally
began life as a yakitori restaurant
which we still do a lot of on and
charcoal grill but then we developed and
added a lot of other Asian influences
such as Korean and Vietnamese to the
core Japanese menu that we have one of
the reasons why I love gecko and I
expect a lot of people love gecko is
because the quality and consistency of
the food is in such a high standard and
that's thanks to our fantastic chef the
cocktail menu is really Japanese focus
with again some Asian influences and the
horse's neck is is definitely the
best-selling and my favorite thing
mingalaba sivan dinero de Tomaso marvels
in their same enjoy unit Omaha Family
Valley
sano-sama second floor from hakushi ing
town tomorrow tomorrow
v dining room pose an eulogy a abou
tomorrow
he probably only even a cancellation
g-general restaurant nigga 2013 Johnny
Asif on eboshit
editin Yanni Stavros varudhini organic
food aware DJO of any fluids only now we
had the food away so nearly to see a
common male
Santa Anna Akhmatova food we had in
Beijing
cigarettes are my signature gesture an
IgA
Tony upon a local Ayame was honored
tches if inhalation a vegetable dish
restricted sedation neeya naana a
thermometer special innovative rho
square solution also got a patent on
today's depositor began today
edamame anadolu kavagi fool on TV a film
Afghan Oklahoma a diverse population
and yet a twin currently we are in my
first Western founded 10 years ago
Sharky's concept is based on ingredients
the ingredients shines locally produced
locally consumed nose-to-tail
farm-to-fork recently we opened a second
restaurant downtown not on a street the
new location is very much to give a kind
of a SOHO feeling where you have high
rising ceiling communal tables and what
we serve is all our products is what
people can relate to
roasted chicken steak burgers and
fantastic ice cream where he shock is in
the future is there be more more young
entrepreneurs emulating our success and
making me my future brighter my name is
Boris and I found that Lufthansa
restaurant in 1998 I've been running the
kitchen for the last 15 years but since
more recent time if our chef Jill who
run the show our cuisine is changing all
the time and in that way we are using in
lieu pronto we believe that good food
good service and good environment is a
must get at the pronto we have the
humility to believe that we are never
good enough and this is the way we
always improve we focus on delivering to
our customer good memories and
satisfaction
[Music]
my name is Ted and I'm the founder of
Rangoon teahouse the food we serve at
ranking tea houses the food I grew up
eating because this is what my mom used
to make she had such a focus on making
food so you know tastes amazing but at
the same time it would have to be
healthy our focus is really on the space
downstairs in terms of its all-day
dining concept and upstairs which is a
modern families cocktail bar I'm really
proud of what we've been able to achieve
it right in two hours over the last few
years and my ultimate goal really is to
see how far we can take this
internationally and really promote
Burmese cuisine all around the world